Today...
I'll be doing a game commentary!
The game I'll be playing is... This!
"No resting! Eighth note -chan!"
This game, you see, is controlled with your voice.
If you go, "aaah" with a soft voice, you move forwards.
if you go "Ah!" in a loud voice,
it goes, "Hop!"
But if you go with more of a, "WAAAH!!!"...
It goes, "Gyoooo~!"
You don't get it, right?
Since I don't think you do...
I think we should get into it already!
Let's go!
Here we go...
I like how it takes these tiny steps.
It's like a Munchkin!
Aaaah~
Is it moving forward? Ah, ok. It is.
WAH!
Wow, it really flew!
Ah!
Ah.
Aah!
Aaaah...
Ha.
Aaah...!
Aaah...
GAAH!
A music note...
Aaaah~
Aaah!
Aaah-
Jyan!
Ah ah ah ah!
Aaah Ah!
AAAH!
Oh.
Aaaah~
AH!
Oh, thi-
Ah ah ah...!
An enemy?!
Was that an enemy?
Aah!
Aaa-
AAAH!
Well...
It wouldn't be fun if I got in on your first try, after all.
Yeah, let's go to the next one.
Well, did you sort of get what this game is about?
This is a wonderful video where you can hear my screams!
So...
Just doing it normally wouldn't be much fun, would it?
There's been a lot of people who played this game...
But It's important to charge in with 'your own style'.
Otherwise my I won't get more viewers
As always
There's a random request generator.
Using that, let's get into it again!
Dun Dun Dun Duuunn...
DUN DUN DUN!!!
"Songs"!
So I'll play the game by singing.
Got it?
What song should I sing...?
Let's try going with Stage Two this time.
Song: Futari Saison
"We two are a season~"
"Fall, Winter throughout..."
Song: Futari Saison
"We Love..."
"We TWO are a season..."
Song: Futari Saison
"We two are a season..."
"Fall, Winter ThroughOUUUT!"
Song: Futari Saison
"They begin to pa- Pa...!"
I died...
That didn't count. Let's go.
Song: Silent Majority
"You as yourself..."
"That's HOW YOU LIVE ON...!"
Song: Silent Majority
"You have the freedom to DO SO!"
"How those ADUULTS -"
Ah...
What's this?
Song: Futari Saison
"We two are a Season..."
"We two are a SEASON!"
Song: Futari Saison
"Fall, Winter throughout..."
Huh?
Song: Futari Saison
"We LOOOOVE!"
"We two are a Sea- So- So...!"
Song: Futari Saison
"We two are a SEAson...!"
Oh...
Oh!
Song: Futari Saison
"Fall, Winter ThroughOUT..."
Song Name: Futari Saison
"They begin to Pa- Pa- Pa-"
"PaaaAAAAASS!!!"
This is hard...
Isn't it a little hard from Stage Two onwards?
Well, since I'm tired of singing...
I'm going 'dun dun dun'.
Dun Dun Dun Duuun...
DUN!
'Animal Sounds'!
Okay, here we go.
Let's go in with a piercer...
Woof woof woof woof!
Woof!
Woof woof woof.
Meooow!
Meooooooow-
MEOW!
Woof! Woof! Woof!
Woof!
Woof... Woof...
Woof...
Meeeeh!
Woof!
Woof woof!
Oh, it's out of sight...
Meow.
Meow...
Mrrrrooow...
Mrrrrrooooow...
MEOW!
Oh!
Woof... Woof...
Woof!
I died...
Wait a sec...
Just walking normally is pretty hard, huh?
Here comes the next!
Dun dun dun dun...
Dun!
"Sexy"...!
Got it. Leave it to me.
"Sexy" huh. Here goes.
Natto...
O - Ku - Ra [Okra]
Eggs over RIIIICE!
I shall have my revenge.
The stage suddenly became too difficult.
So, let's clear stage 1. Leisurely, using a sexy voice.
Strawberry-Daifuku...
Natto...
I want to eat... some Japanese yams...
Could you open this champagne for me?
I want to drink -
Ah...!
Strawberry champagne or something...
I'd like some peach-flavour champagne, toooooo...
That's what I think at LEAAAssst!
The sexy voice is working out pretty well, isn't it?
This is the sexy Kizuna Aaai...
Ooooh...
Boiled eggs...
Raw eggs...
Eggs over riiiice...!
Grati...
NNNNNN!!!
Okay, good …
(Cow's) milk … (cow's) miiLLKKK!
Mi - Lu - Ku [Milk]
banana chocolate
Keyakizaka46 [a Japanese idol group]
Moriya Akane
Nagahama Neru
AHHH!
okay …
Hirate Yurina
Satou Shiyori
Oda Nana
Kobayashi YURIIIII!
What? I died?
Well then, let's proceed with our last topic.
"Sadism" [referring to BDSM]
Speaking of "sadism", it's got to be Kizuna Ai!
Let's go.
It's Kizuna Ai.
Someone who always watches my videos and laughs to him/herself
Who is it?
It's you!
You pig!
Hurry up and lick my shoe already.
You got my shoe dirty!
I died
How was it, everyone? My beautiful voice, you got to hear a lot of it right?
Anyway, it was rather fun.
The character is cute
It's not just a game where you only tap on a screen or a mouse but
Though if played, say, in the dead of night, it may be a nuisance to neighbors.
It's a game that can be played casually.
It was awesome, I really enjoyed it!
Everyone too, if you have any other interesting game, please do share it!
Well then, it has been "Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai"! See you next time!